Improve SEO metadata across documentation pages (#5310)
mintlify/docs: components/callouts.mdx

---
title: "Callouts"

> description: "Add Note, Warning, Info, Tip, Check, and Danger callout components to highlight important information and tips in your documentation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Add info, notes, tips, checks, warnings, danger, and custom callout components to highlight important information in your documentation."
```
